ADR002: Cascade Features (#23)
ecmwf/codex: ADR/ADR-002-Cascade-Features.md

# Architectural Decision Record 002: Cascade Features

## Status
[<s>Proposed</s> | **Accepted** | <s>Deprecated</s> | <s>Superseded by [ADR-XXX]</s>]

## Last Updated
2025-07-28

## Context

> Cascade is a workflow scheduling and execution system, a component within the wider Earthkit Worflows framework, used for example in the Forecast in a Box project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cascade is a workflow scheduling and execution system, a component within the wider Earthkit Workflows framework, used in the Forecast in a Box project.
```
